this is kind of the moment I served a
bit wait before they think everybody
here like in September Becky Stewart's
unveiled the amount of the New York
Athletic amount but today we get to see
the real thing you know this it's going
to be great that was really something
that speaks to America that speaks to
will be believed at what we work for
every day here it was on one of our
platform so I just kind of said we've
got to be part of it now pixie you know
this idea grew from just being a
participant of at least get our name
logo at various places it started to
more than grow as people start looking
at hand off the Paul Evans all took it
and turned it into a 3d product model
and then we handed it off to the
craftsman do we took that model turn it
into would Monica turn it into over
about reading those he is is truly a
work farm so i think it's a it's a great
thing it's something that we're
certainly proud of being a sponsor of
this basketball game interior classic I
think it's great that it happens on CBS
72 Carl Vinson we know it's a great ship
because we just did our last major
availability and work on Robin San Diego
holding the Stanley Cup has anything on